marketing_strategy/README.md, before:


# AI Crew for Marketing Strategy
## Introduction
This project demonstrates the use of the CrewAI framework to automate the creation of a marketing strategy. CrewAI orchestrates autonomous AI agents, enabling them to collaborate and execute complex tasks efficiently.

By [@joaomdmoura](https://x.com/joaomdmoura)

- [CrewAI Framework](#crewai-framework)
- [Running the script](#running-the-script)
- [Details & Explanation](#details--explanation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Support and Contact](#support-and-contact)
- [License](#license)

## CrewAI Framework
CrewAI is designed to facilitate the collaboration of role-playing AI agents. In this example, these agents work together to create a comprehensive marketing strategy and develop compelling marketing content.

## Running the Script
It uses GPT-4o by default so you should have access to that to run it.

***Disclaimer:** This will use gpt-4o unless you change it to use a different model, and by doing so it may incur in different costs.*

- **Configure Environment**: Copy `.env.example` and set up the environment variables for [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) and other tools as needed, like [Serper](serper.dev).
- **Install Dependencies**: Run `poetry lock && poetry install`.
- **Customize**: Modify `src/marketing_posts/main.py` to add custom inputs for your agents and tasks.
- **Customize Further**: Check `src/marketing_posts/config/agents.yaml` to update your agents and `src/marketing_posts/config/tasks.yaml` to update your tasks.
- **Execute the Script**: Run `poetry run marketing_posts` and input your project details.

## Details & Explanation
- **Running the Script**: Execute `poetry run marketing_posts`. The script will leverage the CrewAI framework to generate a detailed marketing strategy.
- **Key Components**:
  - `src/marketing_posts/main.py`: Main script file.
  - `src/marketing_posts/crew.py`: Main crew file where agents and tasks come together, and the main logic is executed.
  - `src/marketing_posts/config/agents.yaml`: Configuration file for defining agents.
  - `src/marketing_posts/config/tasks.yaml`: Configuration file for defining tasks.
  - `src/marketing_posts/tools`: Contains tool classes used by the agents.

## License
This project is released under the MIT License.

Commit message:

feat: containerize marketing_strategy example
Add a Dockerfile and docker-compose.yaml to run the marketing_strategy example in
a Docker container using Docker Model Runner and Docker MCP gateway.

This enables running the demo without requiring any API keys.

Also updates the README with instructions for running the example inside Docker.

Signed-off-by: Alberto Garcia Hierro <damaso.hierro@docker.com>

marketing_strategy/README.md, after:


# AI Crew for Marketing Strategy
## Introduction
This project demonstrates the use of the CrewAI framework to automate the creation of a marketing strategy. CrewAI orchestrates autonomous AI agents, enabling them to collaborate and execute complex tasks efficiently.

By [@joaomdmoura](https://x.com/joaomdmoura)

- [CrewAI Framework](#crewai-framework)
- [Running the script](#running-the-script)
- [Details & Explanation](#details--explanation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Support and Contact](#support-and-contact)
- [License](#license)

## CrewAI Framework
CrewAI is designed to facilitate the collaboration of role-playing AI agents. In this example, these agents work together to create a comprehensive marketing strategy and develop compelling marketing content.

## Running the Script
It uses GPT-4o by default so you should have access to that to run it.

***Disclaimer:** This will use gpt-4o unless you change it to use a different model, and by doing so it may incur in different costs.*

- **Configure Environment**: Copy `.env.example` and set up the environment variables for [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) and other tools as needed, like [Serper](serper.dev).
- **Install Dependencies**: Run `poetry lock && poetry install`.
- **Customize**: Modify `src/marketing_posts/main.py` to add custom inputs for your agents and tasks.
- **Customize Further**: Check `src/marketing_posts/config/agents.yaml` to update your agents and `src/marketing_posts/config/tasks.yaml` to update your tasks.
- **Execute the Script**: Run `poetry run marketing_posts` and input your project details.

## Running the Script in Docker
Run `docker compose up`. There's no need to configure any keys, by default the containerized script uses
[Docker Model Runner](https://docs.docker.com/ai/model-runner/) and [Docker MCP Catalog](https://hub.docker.com/catalogs/mcp).

## Details & Explanation
- **Running the Script**: Execute `poetry run marketing_posts`. The script will leverage the CrewAI framework to generate a detailed marketing strategy.
- **Key Components**:
  - `src/marketing_posts/main.py`: Main script file.
  - `src/marketing_posts/crew.py`: Main crew file where agents and tasks come together, and the main logic is executed.
  - `src/marketing_posts/config/agents.yaml`: Configuration file for defining agents.
  - `src/marketing_posts/config/tasks.yaml`: Configuration file for defining tasks.
  - `src/marketing_posts/tools`: Contains tool classes used by the agents.

## License
This project is released under the MIT License.
